welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Bachelorette week six last week the
drama with Luke peak came to a head
he and Hanna spent half an hour talking
out their issues accomplishing nothing
and in the end she's like I just can't
give you this rose apparently that means
he's going home right now but Luke Pete
don't quit he turns right back around
and this like Hanna I'm ready to fight
for you she decides to give him another
chance and let him stick around for the
rose ceremony the other guys are like no
you hate him in fact Garrett immediately
starts stirring the pot and the guys end
up fighting and has to come out like the
angry mom and be like boys stop fighting
as soon as she walks out the door they
immediately start up again and she's
like guys I'm seriously done with this
she goes straight into the rose ceremony
a bunch of guys who haven't had much
screen time go home and the big question
is will Luke pee stick around yes she
keeps him around again another week Luke
peace still going strong the gang
travels to Latvia hoping to leave all
the drama of Scotland behind him but
Hanna's still feeling really upset
she's like the way these guys are acting
I don't think I want to be with any of
them the whole second half of the
episode is a sit-down with Chris
Harrison debating whether she's gonna
stick on with the show they do basically
a season-long recap hashing out all the
drama that happened flashback to the guy
on night one had a girlfriend then cam
with his whole always being cam and of
course the hurricane of drama that is
Luke P but Chris Harrison reminds her of
all the good times she's got a really
good relationship going with some of the
frontrunners Jed the singers a great guy
she really likes him she connected with
Mike extremely well in Scotland he's
just a really nice cool dude she's had
some sexy times with the pilot Peter and
Tyler see for some reason a lot of
people's favorites um I guess he's just
really hot tell me in the comments who
your favorite is with John Paul Jones
God too soon I have to pick a new one so
in the end Hannah decides to stick with
the show it's probably in her contract
she's find a billion dollars if she
doesn't but also because there's some
great guys that she could really find
love with and we have an extended
preview of the rest of the season where
things are heating up its gonna get sexy
up in here plus some more crazy drama on
the horizon and apparently an epic twist
at the end check me out on Instagram I'm
doing a new series of videos there I cut
out all the filler and condense the
actual episode into
minute it's a lot of fun until next week
man have recaps out Bachelorette host I
don't know anything to be honest Chris
Harrison Chris Hanson is a catch a
predator guy